fix(generic-worker): fix malformed payload log when enabling interactive task (#6883)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/Ap0wKwVAT-CSQUTGw7gOtw.md

audience: users
level: patch
---

> Generic Worker: fixed incorrect log line when an Interactive Task fails due to the worker pool config not being set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic Worker now correctly reports the Worker Pool ID when an interactive task is attempted on a worker pool with the interactive feature disabled. Previously the task log would report the Worker Pool ID in the `exception/malformed-payload` task run as `<workerGroup>/<workerType>`; now it correctly reports it as `<provisionerId>/<workerType>`. The Interactive feature is considered disabled when Generic Worker config setting `enableInteractive` is either absent or explicitly set to `false` in the config.
```
